Holly Cove is an escape from the everyday on the Eastern Shore of Virginia. Our primary properties are on the water in Onancock, Virginia. The main house has an attached suite that is closed off from the rest of the home with a separate entrance. The Apartment has a great water view, and its own screened-in porch to enjoy the view and the cool wind off of the water at sunset. 

We also have the Studio at Holly Cove, which is a separate 1 bedroom apartment. It has all the comforts of home, but on a small private scale. You have your own full bath, very comfortable bed, microwave, mini fridge, and satellite TV. There is limited internet access that is a rural connection good for checking for important emails.

Lastly, on the main property we also have a glam camping electricity free boathouse. Great for off grid and unplugged experience with nature. The view of the river and the small creek near the boathouse at high tide will lift you away from your thoughts.

At our main home we have 2 goats. You will hear them when you go near their pen because they love guests and think you are here just to see them. Inside any room, you will not hear them just on that pass by their area. At Holly Cove we also have chickens, but do not worry, there is no Rooster to wake you up. Kids love the animals but not as much as the adults.

In addition to the properties on site, we also have a house on market street. The Bungalow on Market is a Sears home from the 1940s that has been lovingly restored and updated. The home has 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, with one bath being brand new downstairs. This makes the home perfect for generational families. With the grandparents downstairs and the rest of the family upstairs. Inside, you also find a full kitchen and dining room great for family meals. The Bungalow on Market is rented by others in the area for extended rentals from time to time as well. It is close to the hospital and a great option for medical professionals visiting the area.

We are currently finishing another home that is even more private and exclusive, just 30 minutes away. Great for those who want to get away from it all. This will be available for the summer of 2022.

The Eastern Shore of Virginia and Maryland has much to offer. A vacation spent on the shore offers great beaches, NASA rocket launches, wild horses, great food, and many watersports activities. Our own Chris Guvernator offers boat tours of the local area, fishing trips, and more.

On our main property, we provide free kayak access, and paddle boards, as well as our fishing pier. You can fish off the dock, or just sit and watch the world drift by with the tide.

The Eastern Shore has amazing seafood and some of the best local produce that is used by local restaurants to provide outstanding dining for their guests. Local blue crab, oysters, and fish are available in season. Oysters are fresh and ready any month with an “R” in the name. The fish, both inshore and offshore, provide some of the best fishing experiences in the world. 

You can find a full local fishing guide here. In the guide, you will find more than 20 local species and the best times of the year to find them. Some do venture to the Eastern Shore to fish or hunt, but most come just to enjoy the area as it is. A timeless gem that seems connected to our past. Agriculture is still active in the area and it not only provides amazing fresh produce, it also adds to the local charm with a more rural feeling and casual approach to life. 

On a visit, you can see several local arts galleries and enjoy more than a few local breweries. We even boast a local distillery. Each year thousands come to the shore to experience the wild horse auction of ponies. 

If you want a vacation that is unique and transports you back to simpler times, consider Holly Cove and its many unique properties on the Eastern Shore.
